













Corporate Outings - Wachusett Mountain
































































The Mountain



 About Wachusett

Mountain Stats
Trail Map
FAQs
Science on the Slopes                               Environmental Education & Wellness Program




Your Visit

Hours of Operation
Safety
Parking & Directions
Ski Train




Resort Services

Food & Beverage
Locker Rentals
Lost & Found




Media Center

Web Cams
Zoom Backgrounds









Tickets & Passes



 Lift Tickets & Reloads

Daily Lift Tickets




Season Passes

Season Passes
Military Pass
Corporate Pass
Night Pass
Uphill Pass & Policy




Group Season Passes

Group Season Passes
Group Trips
School Groups




Ways to Save

Perks for Passholders
Gift (COW) Cards









Beginners, Lessons, Rentals



 Beginners

Beginner Packages (9yo+)
Beginner Videos




Lessons

Group Lessons (9yo+)
Polar Kids (4-8 yo)
Arctic Aces (9-12yo)
Return to Learn (9yo+)
Adaptive Lessons
Private Lessons




Rentals

Ski & Snowboard Rentals
Demo – Try Before You Buy




Programs

DEV Team
Comp Team
Instructor Training Course









Events & Park



 Special Events

Event Calendar
Festival Vendors & Sponsors




Terrain Parks







Racing & Clinics



 Racing

NASTAR
Race League
Race League Results
Central Mass Ski League




Clinics

Women’s Clinics
Break Thru Clinics









Meetings & Weddings



 Slope SkyBoxes


Corporate Outings


Weddings


Meetings


Social Events


Proms & Formals


Festival Fun-ctions







MTNSIDE ShopSearch 






Search
















Toggle navigation


















Corporate Outings









Interested in planning a Corporate Event at Wachusett? Email [email protected] or Request Information
PUT THE “OUT” BACK IN YOUR COMPANY OUTING
After a year of working remotely, head OUTside with your team this summer. Enjoy OUTdoor recreation, hiking, fun activities, and our scenic SkyRide. Get OUT together, socially distant within our spacious grounds and custom tented areas. Regardless of your group size, time to think OUT-of-the-box. We’ll create an OUTstanding menu for you, from clambakes to BBQ’s.




“Wachusett Mountain has hosted the Massachusetts Water Works Association’s premier event, the Summer Expo, for almost 20 years. Our 1,300+ attendees enjoy the Sky Ride to the summit, a New England-style clambake, an indoor/outdoor trade show with over 45 vendors, plus a technical session for over 100 people inside the Granite Room. We continue to return each year due to Wachusett’s excellence in planning, organizing, and executing this large event. I can’t say enough about our Wachusett experience.”
-Matthew Pearson, Treasurer, Massachusetts Water Works Association

MOUNTAIN FUN, YEAR ROUND
From your team building exercises to your family-fun annual company party – we’ve got you covered all year long! With the mountain as a backdrop, there’s nothing like the crisp, clear air and scenic New England countryside to set the stage for a fun event. We have a wide variety of special event services. In the Summer and Fall, you have two options to consider – either plan your own private event OR combine your event with one of our famous festivals.
SPACIOUS GROUNDS
During the Summer and Fall months, Wachusett’s spacious grounds make a natural setting for large outdoor corporate outings. The decks and custom tented areas create a picturesque locale for mountainside barbecues, clambakes plus a variety of outdoor recreational activities. The grounds also provide excellent space for ourdoor displays and exhibits.
EXPANSIVE LODGE
During the Summer and Fall months, the Main Lodge is available for private functions. The expansive lodge includes the Coppertop Lounge, Black Diamond Restaurant, Granite Room and Mountain Suites. Offering extensive exhibit or meeting space for your event, the Main Lodge is an excellent location for trade shows and exhibitions.
CLAMBAKES AND MOUNTAIN BARBECUES
From Summertime clambakes to mountainside barbecues to delicious dinner buffets, we’ll create a customized menu perfect for any occasion.  Our in-house catering provides delightful menu options to meet any function needs. Summer & Fall Menu / Full Catering Menu
SCENIC SKYRIDE
The SkyRide will “top off” any special event on the mountain – no other location or facility in the region has this to offer. Imagine the thrill for your guests riding our 4-passenger chairlift to our scenic 2,006 foot summit with spectacular 360 degree views of southern New England!





FESTIVAL FUN-CTIONS (August – November)
Put the fun back into your business “fun-ction” by turning one of our legendary annual Festivals into a great company event. Our Festivals provide your company with a hassle-free, economical way to entertain clients, customers or employees for a fun day on the mountain. You pick the Festival, no need to worry about choosing activities, entertainment, music or food. Our themed Fall Festivals provide the perfect outing or any size group.
Includes:

Festival Admission
SkyRide Ticket
$10 Food Coupon (Wachusett Food Outlets Only)

*12 person minimum required
For an additional fee, other Festival Function options can include:

Private Tent/Seating Area
Beverage Service

For more details on Festival Functions, email [email protected] or 978-464-3175






 









Wachusett Mountain Ski Area
499 Mountain Rd, Princeton MA 01541
(978) 464-2300













Home
Contact
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Employment
Website Accessibility
Donation Requests
 © 2023 Wachusett Mountain. All Rights Reserved.


Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Email Subscription
The Wachusett Wire









Item(s) Added!
Error Adding Item



The product has been added to cart successfully. Click "View Cart" to check out or continue shopping.
We're sorry, but we were unable to add the item to the cart.


Continue Shopping
View Cart
Contact Us






















