
Polar Kids (4-8 yo)
Check Back in the Fall for 23/24 Rates

An ideal learning environment for teaching our youngest skiers and riders.
Session A
Weekends/Holidays Only

8:00 – 9:30am
Session B


10:00 – 11:30am
Session C


1:00 – 2:30pm
Optional Items

Rental Equipment

Please note:
Price is per lesson. Multiple lessons can be selected and added to cart in the same transaction.
Polar Kids Check In:
Please arrive at least 45 minutes prior to your child’s lesson time. Lessons begin at designated times. If you are 15 or more minutes late from the start of the lesson you risk forfeiting. This time will not be rescheduled, nor will a refund or credit be given.
We have kid-friendly teaching areas for all levels & ages. Skiers and snowboarders will be placed in groups of like age and ability.
POLAR KIDS REQUIREMENTS
Help us make your child’s visit a success!
Be sure to select the correct level for your child. Not doing so may result in loss of lesson. (Levels listed below)
Minimum age to participate in the Polar Kids program is 4 years old.
Child must be able to follow verbal guidance and pay attention to physical demonstrations to learn a task
Child must arrive dressed and ready for snow.
Parents are responsible for picking up rental equipment and getting children set up with boots, helmets and goggles/sunglasses.
Must be able to use the bathroom independently.

Proud supporter of Wachusett Children’s Programs
What does your child need to have a great day?

Waterproof gloves

Non-cotton over the calf socks (don’t use two pairs of socks)

Sunglasses or goggles

Sunscreen is recommended

Helmets are required and provided with rentals

No hats – or other loose items that are easily lost




RESERVATION & CANCELLATION POLICY
Due to our limited capacity, reservations are charged when booked and are non-refundable.  Any change to reservations (date or time) require a $24 clerical fee.  Notice of said changes must be made 24 hours in advance of the lesson.  Less than 24 hours notice may result in forfeiture of lesson.  Lessons may not be carried over to the following season and are non-transferable.
NOTES
Online reservations required. Walk-ins cannot be accommodated
A lift ticket is included for the duration of the lesson only.
To maintain the health of our other guests and staff, we will not accept any children in the children’s programs if they are showing any symptoms of the flu or sickness.
Polar Kids Ski Levels:
Level 0:  Have never skied before.Level 1:  Knows how to side step, glide and straight run working on learning to turn.Level 2:  Rides the magic carpet and can control speed with turns may be skiing in a wedge.Level 3:  Can ride a chairlift and traverse a green trail by linking turns, controlling speed and stopping.  Working to be parallel. Level 4:  Mostly parallel while turning, has good speed control can turn to complete stop. May be able to ski on blue trails while parallel.Level 5:  Can ski on blue square trails and steeper terrain, controlling speed with varied turn shape and size.
Polar Kids Snowboard Levels
Level 0:  Have never snowboarded before.Level 1:  Working on skating, climbing, straight glides heelside and toeside turns with controlled stops.Level 2:  Can traverse heelside and toeside, starting “C” turns, linking heelside and toeside turns for “S” turns using magic carpet lift.Level 3:  Chairlift introduction and working to be comfortable on varied terrain while controlling speed with turn shape.Level 4:  Can vary turn shape and size with accuracy to control speed.  Able to adjust to terrain changes and steeper slopes.

Holiday Periods & School Breaks:Dec. 24, 2023 – Jan. 1, 2024; Jan. 15, 2024; Feb. 17-25, 2024May close at 7 pm nightly opening day thru 12/23/23 and 3/10/24 thru closing day – times vary, check Snow Report
